README.md, before:

# TWITCH PLAYS KEYBOARD CHAT CONTROLLER

This project was created as a controller for World of Warships [Start Here](https://warships.net/pelzmorph) during my [Twitch Streams](https://www.twitch.tv/pelzmorph).
It enables the Twitch Chat to control most parts of the keys neccessary to play World of Warhips. 

A video showing how it can be used can be found [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDJnaGyWRwA).

## Instructions

* Download a release which contains a .exe which can be easily executed. 
* Open the config.json and generate an oauth key [here](https://twitchapps.com/tmi). Add your channel name and corresponding nickname. The channel name must start with a #.
* Open the config.json and change the key controls to your liking. (You can use any text you like. Emotes are also just texts :) )
* The command: !pause and !run can not be changed and can only be executed by the streamer.
* Double click the run_controller.exe when you are finished. Everything is setup correctly if you see chat messages.

## Development

All help is appreciated and the project will be updated and enhanced whenever I find the time :)

Commit message:

Added twitter profile to answer questions.

README.md, after:

# TWITCH PLAYS KEYBOARD CHAT CONTROLLER

This project was created as a controller for World of Warships [Start Here](https://warships.net/pelzmorph) during my [Twitch Streams](https://www.twitch.tv/pelzmorph).
It enables the Twitch Chat to control most parts of the keys neccessary to play World of Warhips. 

A video showing how it can be used can be found [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDJnaGyWRwA).
If you don't have a GitHub account then send a message on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/PelzMorph) 

## Instructions

* Download a release which contains a .exe which can be easily executed. 
* Open the config.json and generate an oauth key [here](https://twitchapps.com/tmi). Add your channel name and corresponding nickname. The channel name must start with a #.
* Open the config.json and change the key controls to your liking. (You can use any text you like. Emotes are also just texts :) )
* The command: !pause and !run can not be changed and can only be executed by the streamer.
* Double click the run_controller.exe when you are finished. Everything is setup correctly if you see chat messages.

## Development

All help is appreciated and the project will be updated and enhanced whenever I find the time :)
